NGINXaaS Custom Security Policies (#397)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-azure/app-protect/configure-waf.md

To view the contents of the available security policies, navigate to the azure portal and select the **Security Policies** tab in the App Protect section.

## Custom Policies

NGINXaas for Azure also supports custom security policies. You can create and modify custom security policies to deploy to NGINX App Protect Instances using the API or Azure Portal.

### Manage Custom Policies

> To create a custom security policy in the Azure Portal:

Reviewer: Might want a section on deleting a custom policy and mention that a policy in use cannot be deleted.  Also, somewhere you should mention that the two columns are that show up on the custom policy panel: **Compilation**,  **Applied?**

Author: Done

1. Select your deployment
2. Select **NGINX app protect WAF** from the menu on the left
3. Select **Custom Policies**
4. Select **Add Custom Security Policy** to open the policy editor

> In the policy editor, enter the **Name**, **File path**, your policy content, and then select **Save**.

Reviewer: The **File path** is optional and will  default to the policy **Name** with a ".json" extension.   (Might also want to note the file name must have a json extension)

Author: Done

   {{< img src="nginxaas-azure/custom-policy-editor.png" alt="NGINXaaS Custom Policy Editor." >}}

After your policy has been saved, you can then reference it in your NGINX configuration the same as you did for precompiled policies. For more information on policy configuration and syntax, refer to the NGINX App Protect [configuration guide](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/configuration-guide/configuration/).

{{<note>}}The **name** field within the security policy must be unique among the policies referenced in your NGINX configuration.{{</note>}}

> {{<note>}}Referencing both custom and precompiled policies in you NGINX configuration is not supported at this time.{{</note>}}

Reviewer: Reference `Known Issues` and expand on this.  That is, if you want to use a default policy, create a copy of the default policy.

Author: Done

To view the contents of the available security policies, navigate to the azure portal and select the **Security Policies** tab in the App Protect section.

## Custom Policies

NGINXaas for Azure also supports custom security policies. You can create and modify custom security policies to deploy to NGINX App Protect Instances using the API or Azure Portal.

### Manage Custom Policies

To create a custom security policy in the Azure Portal:

1. Select your deployment
2. Select **NGINX app protect WAF** from the menu on the left
3. Select **Custom Policies**
4. Select **Add Custom Security Policy** to open the policy editor

> In the policy editor, enter the **Name**, **File path**, your policy content, and then select **Save**. The **File path** is optional and will default to the policy **Name** with a ".json" extension if not specified. The **Name** must have a ".json" extension.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the wording here.  
> The **Name** must have a ".json" extension
If I actually try this in the portal I get an error with no description.  From what I have observed, **Name** cannot be given an extension.  I'm not sure what the internal API call to use contains, so there might be a bug either on the liftr side or our side.

Author: Fixed

   {{< img src="nginxaas-azure/custom-policy-editor.png" alt="NGINXaaS Custom Policy Editor." >}}

> After your policy has been saved, you can then reference it in your NGINX configuration the same as you did for precompiled policies. For more information on policy configuration and syntax, refer to the NGINX App Protect [configuration guide](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/configuration-guide/configuration/).

Reviewer: Seems like the second sentence doesn't belong here.  Maybe either be separate from this paragraph, or part of text above that mentions entering the policy content.

Author: Fixed

To view the contents of the available security policies, navigate to the azure portal and select the **Security Policies** tab in the App Protect section.

> ## Custom Policies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Custom policies
```

This and all other headers: Use sentence case, not Title Case, unless "Custom Policies" are a product or an API object

Author: Fixed

NGINXaas for Azure also supports custom security policies. You can create and modify custom security policies to deploy to NGINX App Protect Instances using the API or Azure Portal.

### Manage Custom Policies

To create a custom security policy in the Azure Portal:

1. Select your deployment
2. Select **NGINX app protect WAF** from the menu on the left
3. Select **Custom Policies**
4. Select **Add Custom Security Policy** to open the policy editor

In the policy editor, enter the **Name**, **File path**, your policy content, and then select **Save**. The **File path** is optional and will default to the path "/etc/app_protect/conf/" plus the policy **Name** with a ".json" extension. For more information on policy configuration and syntax, refer to the NGINX App Protect [configuration guide](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-app-protect-waf/v5/configuration-guide/configuration/).

>    {{< img src="nginxaas-azure/custom-policy-editor.png" alt="NGINXaaS Custom Policy Editor." >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   {{< img src="nginxaas-azure/custom-policy-editor.png" alt="NGINXaaS Custom Policy Editor." >}}
```

What does this screenshot add that is not already covered by the instructions above?

Please review the guidelines for screenshot. 
https://github.com/nginx/documentation/blob/main/templates/style-guide.md#guidelines-for-screenshots

Please note that we strongly discourage the use of screenshots unless strictly necessary. Added screenshots need to include a descriptive alt text for screen readers and improving accessibility.

Author: Agreed, removed.

> After your policy has been saved, you can then reference it in your NGINX configuration the same as you did for precompiled policies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After your policy has been saved, you can then reference it in your NGINX configuration as you did before for precompiled policies.
```

Reviewer: This assumes the customer used precompiled policies previously.  We shouldn't make this assumption.

Author: Removed mention of precompiled polcies.

> {{<note>}}The **name** field within the security policy must be unique among the policies referenced in your NGINX configuration.{{</note>}}
> {{<note>}}Referencing both custom and precompiled policies in your NGINX configuration is not supported at this time. See the [Known issues]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/known-issues.md" >}}) for a workaround for this limitation.{{</note>}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{<note>}}The **name** field within the security policy must be unique among the policies referenced in your NGINX configuration.{{</note>}}

{{<warning>}}NGINXaaS does not currently support using both custom and precompiled policies in your NGINX configuration. See the [Known issues]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/known-issues.md" >}}) for a workaround for this limitation.{{</warning>}}
```

Reviewer 2: also,

The workaround is a single line:
`Make a copy of the default policy you want to use, then add it as a custom policy with a different name.`

Try to avoid making users jump around pages for simple instructions

```suggestion
{{<note>}}The **name** field within the security policy must be unique among the policies referenced in your NGINX configuration.{{</note>}}

{{<warning>}}Referencing both custom and precompiled policies in your NGINX configuration is not supported at this time. 

As a workaround, make a copy of the default policy you want to use, then add it as a custom policy with a different name.
{{</warning>}}
```

Author: Fixed

> The **Custom Policies** tab shows the status of your custom policies (Compilation and Application Status). Custom Policies are automatically compiled when created or modified. Policies that are applied to the NGINX configuration cannot be deleted until they are first removed from the configuration. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Custom Policies** tab shows the status of your custom policies (Compilation and Application Status). Custom policies are automatically compiled when created or modified. Policies that are applied to the NGINX configuration cannot be deleted until they are first removed from the configuration. 
```

Custom policies is inconsistently capitalized here. It should only be capitalized when it's directly mentioning a button or a section in the UI, if the UI is also capitalized.

Author: Fixed

>    {{< img src="nginxaas-azure/custom-policies.png" alt="NGINXaaS Custom Policies." >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   {{< img src="nginxaas-azure/custom-policies.png" alt="NGINXaaS Custom Policies." >}}
```

What does this screenshot add that is not already covered by the instructions above?

Please review the guidelines for screenshot. 
https://github.com/nginx/documentation/blob/main/templates/style-guide.md#guidelines-for-screenshots

Please note that we strongly discourage the use of screenshots unless strictly necessary. Added screenshots need to include a descriptive alt text for screen readers and improving accessibility.

Author: Agree, removed.
